
Processing TEF extraction:
/Users/pm8/Documents/LO_output/extract/cas6_v3_lo8b/tef/extractions_2018.01.01_2018.12.31
sji2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 116 seconds
hc3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 9 seconds
jdf3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 68 seconds
hc7.nc
  elapsed time for section = 8 seconds
jdf2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 68 seconds
hc6.nc
  elapsed time for section = 7 seconds
ss1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 21 seconds
hc2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 15 seconds
wb3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 11 seconds
tn3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 7 seconds
sog2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 129 seconds
ai2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 29 seconds
mb4.nc
  elapsed time for section = 26 seconds
ai3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 36 seconds
mb5.nc
  elapsed time for section = 35 seconds
hc8.nc
  elapsed time for section = 7 seconds
wb2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 25 seconds
tn2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 7 seconds
mb1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 39 seconds
sog3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 60 seconds
sog4.nc
  elapsed time for section = 41 seconds
ai4.nc
  elapsed time for section = 18 seconds
tn1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 7 seconds
wb1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 13 seconds
mb2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 38 seconds
mb3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 31 seconds
sog1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 131 seconds
ai1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 26 seconds
wb4.nc
  elapsed time for section = 11 seconds
sog5.nc
  elapsed time for section = 23 seconds
jdf1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 59 seconds
hc5.nc
  elapsed time for section = 9 seconds
ss2.nc
  elapsed time for section = 16 seconds
hc1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 15 seconds
dp.nc
  elapsed time for section = 6 seconds
sji1.nc
  elapsed time for section = 110 seconds
jdf4.nc
  elapsed time for section = 84 seconds
hc4.nc
  elapsed time for section = 13 seconds
ss3.nc
  elapsed time for section = 15 seconds

Total elapsed time = 1407 seconds
