
Processing TEF extraction:
/Users/pm8/Documents/LO_output/extract/cas6_v3t075_lo8/tef/extractions_2018.01.01_2018.12.31
sji2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 45 seconds
hc3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 4 seconds
jdf3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 26 seconds
hc7.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 3 seconds
jdf2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 25 seconds
hc6.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 3 seconds
ss1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 8 seconds
hc2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 6 seconds
wb3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 5 seconds
tn3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 3 seconds
sog2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 51 seconds
ai2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 11 seconds
mb4.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 10 seconds
ai3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 14 seconds
mb5.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 14 seconds
hc8.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 3 seconds
wb2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 10 seconds
tn2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 3 seconds
mb1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 15 seconds
sog3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 23 seconds
sog4.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 16 seconds
ai4.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 7 seconds
tn1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 3 seconds
wb1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 5 seconds
mb2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 15 seconds
mb3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 12 seconds
sog1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 50 seconds
ai1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 10 seconds
wb4.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 5 seconds
sog5.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 9 seconds
jdf1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 22 seconds
hc5.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 4 seconds
ss2.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 6 seconds
hc1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 6 seconds
dp.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 2 seconds
sji1.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 39 seconds
jdf4.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 33 seconds
hc4.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 5 seconds
ss3.nc
 - variable temp not found
 - variable oxygen not found
 - variable NO3 not found
 - variable TIC not found
 - variable alkalinity not found
  elapsed time for section = 7 seconds

Total elapsed time = 557 seconds
